
1. Goal

Design and implement the user interface for a stopwatch, running on the Eclipse platform. The
stopwatch must have the following features:
  - Start/Stop the watch. When the watch is running, elapsed minutes, seconds and milliseconds are 
    updated on screen.
  - Record split times. The user can indicate a sequence (split, lap) being completed. Individual 
    split times are recorded and can be viewed on screen.
  - Export split times. Export is to be mocked to take 2 seconds per recorded split time. During 
    the export, sensible progress must be reported to the user. The stopwatch remains functional and 
    recording split times is still possible, although split times recorded after the export started 
    are ignored. Export can be cancelled at any moment.
  - Reset watch. This resets the time and erases all split times.



2. Supplied Code

A model of the stopwatch is available in package com.arm.exercise.stopwatch.model. You are not 
expected to change classes in this package and should assume they work.

Several icons are provided in the icons/ directory should you need icons.



3. UI Design Constraints

The stopwatch must be available from one of the Eclipse menus and the toolbar. The menu and toolbar 
items bring up a non-model dialog for the stopwatch, so that the user can operate the stopwatch 
while doing others things. The stopwatch time must be displayed with a bigger font size than the 
default font.



4. Things to Consider

  - Overall UI design and usability. There is not a single solution to this exercise, so make sure 
    you can justify your design choices.
  - Cross-platform look & feel. Let us know what you tested your solution on.
  - Resize behaviour
  - Resource management and performance
  - String localisation. Only English strings are expected in the delivery, but the solution should 
    be localisable.
  - Code readability



5. Delivery

Add your code and required resources to this plug-in and send it back to us.

Take as much time as you need. Send us good quality code, implementing all stated features to your 
complete satisfaction.
  